= RScratch

By Avishek Jana

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:


    gem 'rscratch'

or

    gem 'rscratch', :git => 'git://github.com/avishekjana/rscratch.git'

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install rscratch

After you install RScratch, you need to run the generator:

    $ rails g rscratch:install

The generator will create few migration files, a initializer file, and routes to access Rscratch WebUI. It is imperative that you take a look at it. When you are done, you are ready to run migration using the following command:

    $ rake db:migrate

You should restart your application after installing RScratch gem.

== Usage
Add this following line in rescue block of your your code. An example is given below


  Rscratch::Exception.log e,request


An example is given below


  def create
    begin
      @post = Post.new(params[:post])
      @post.save
      respond_to do |format|
        format.json { render json: @post, status: :created, location: @post }
      end      
    rescue Exception => e
      # Log exception in RScratch
      Rscratch::Exception.log e,request
      
      respond_to do |format|
        format.json { render json: @post.errors, status: :unprocessable_entity }
      end            
    end
  end


== WebUI
Now everything looks sparky. Rscratch comes bundled with a web UI to track exceptions raised from your application. Go to the following URL to access it.

  http:// {YOUR_APP_URL}/rscratch/

Ohh!! you may be asked for username and password once you visit this page. So username is by default set to `admin` and password is `admin123`. To change this credentials check rsctarch initializer file in the following directory
  config/initializers/rscratch.rb

== Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/avishekjana/rscratch. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


== License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

